README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <b>Dolby Interactivity APIs Native Desktop SDK</b><br><br>
  <img src="https://cdn.dolby.io/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Dolbyio-white-horizontal-e1589344433251.jpg" alt="Voxeet SDK logo" title="Voxeet SDK logo" width="200"/>
</p>


Native Desktop SDK is a new platform that allows creating native desktop applications for video conferencing using only JavaScript. The platform includes the Dolby Interactivity APIs Web SDK 3.3 and the modified Electron open-source framework, which uses the Web SDK for creating desktop applications. Native Desktop SDK also supports the Dolby Voice Client codec to provide high audio quality and introduces video filters that allow blurring the participants’ backgrounds or replacing the participants’ backgrounds with selected images.

For more information about the Native Desktop SDK, see the [Native Desktop SDK](https://docs.dolby.io/interactivity/docs/native-desktop-sdk) document.
For more information about building a basic desktop application using Native Desktop SDK, see the [Building](https://docs.dolby.io/interactivity/docs/building-a-basic-desktop-application) guide.

Commit message:

Update LICENSE and README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <b>Dolby Interactivity APIs Native Desktop SDK</b><br><br>
  <img src="https://cdn.dolby.io/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Dolbyio-white-horizontal-e1589344433251.jpg" alt="Voxeet SDK logo" title="Voxeet SDK logo" width="200"/>
</p>


Native Desktop SDK is a new platform that allows creating native desktop applications for video conferencing using only JavaScript. The platform includes the Dolby Interactivity APIs Web SDK 3.3 and the modified Electron open-source framework, which uses the Web SDK for creating desktop applications. Native Desktop SDK also supports the Dolby Voice Client codec to provide high audio quality and introduces video filters that allow blurring the participants’ backgrounds or replacing the participants’ backgrounds with selected images.

For more information about the Native Desktop SDK, see the [Native Desktop SDK](https://docs.dolby.io/interactivity/docs/native-desktop-sdk) document.
For more information about building a basic desktop application using Native Desktop SDK, see the [Getting Started](https://docs.dolby.io/interactivity/docs/getting-started-with-nds) guide.

Note: Native Desktop SDK is built using the Electron framework. Electron includes other libraries, notably FFMpeg. The libraries included are licensed separately from Native Desktop SDK and acceptance of the Dolby license does not cover these third-party libraries. See the file “Native_Desktop_SDK_Third_Party_Software.html” in the SDK for the licenses covering these libraries.
